update bas documentation (#154)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/guides/bas-external-system.mdx

  src={useBaseUrl('img/cloud-connector.png')}
/>

## Case 1: Connection to an OnPremises System

> ### Technical Background <a name="background"></a>

Reviewer: What's the purpose of these empty links? Navigation?
Docusaurus generated IDs for headers. Can they be used instead?
Same question for other occasions of this pattern.

- The BAS includes an HTTP_PROXY running at http://localhost:8887
- This proxy forwards all `http` requests to the CF account
- CF searches the existing destinations for one matching the name
- If a destination is present, an initial request is sent to this destination
- The proxy is a reverse proxy also piping back the response to the BAS

> ### Prerequisite 1: The Business Application Studio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisite 1: The Business Application Studio (BAS)
```

> You have a Cloud Foundry account and a subscription to the BAS.
> Via the subscription the BAS can access all destination in the subscribed account.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have a Cloud Foundry account and a subscription to the BAS.
Via the subscription, the BAS can access all destinations in the subscribed account.

```

### Prerequisite 2: Cloud Connector and Destination Setup <a name="CCandDestSetup"></a>

You have set up a working Cloud Connector and configured a destination pointing to an On-Premise system.
Per default, destinations are not usable by a subscribed BAS.
You need to set two properties `WebIDEEnabled` and `HTML5.DynamicDestination` to enable that feature for a specific destination.
Go to the destination configuration in CF and add the properties:

| Property                   | Value |
| -------------------------- | ----- |
| `WebIDEEnabled`            | true  |
| `HTML5.DynamicDestination` | true  |

> ### Testing <a name="testing"></a>

Reviewer 2: Testing sounds like generally, how to test something - but this refers to how to check that the connection is correctly configured (I think). Maybe you can be a little more specific?

> Before you start the implementation it is good to test the connection.

Reviewer 2: Why is it good? Or:
```suggestion
Before you start the implementation, ensure that the connection is correctly configured.
```

The connectivity proxy running in BAS expects a pattern of the kind `http://<destinationName>.dest`.

> When such a pattern is found the destination name is extracted and checked against the destinations in the related cloud foundry account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When such a pattern is found the destination name is extracted and checked against the destinations in the related Cloud 
Foundry account.
```

If a match is found and the `WebIDEEnabled` and `HTML5.DynamicDestination` properties are enabled for the destination the request is forwarded via this destination.

> All authorization information from the real destination are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All authorization information from the real destination is used.
```

Reviewer: Unless you meant "destinations" to be plural.

You can test this flow by using a simple `curl` command without any code.

```bash
curl <destinationName>.dest/path/to/service
```

So if your destination is called `S4H_Test.dest` and you want to query the catalogue service the command would be:

```bash
curl -v -i "S4H_Test.dest/sap/opu/odata/iwfnd/catalogservice;v=2/ServiceCollection?%24top=1"
```

> If this returns 200 for the service you want to use, you can start the implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the request responds with status code 200 for the service you want to use, you can start the implementation.
```

> If this returns 200 for the service you want to use, you can start the implementation.
> The connectivity proxy has a build in cache which needs to be emptied after you adjusted destinations.
> This is done by calling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this returns 200 for the service you want to use, you can start the implementation.
The connectivity proxy has a build-in cache that needs to be emptied after you adjusted destinations.
This is done by calling:
```

The `preLaunchTask` executes the build before each run which compiles the TypeScript files to JavaScript.
The `outFiles` property defines where the compiled files will be located.

> As discussed in the beginning, we need to set the `destinations` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: I am not a fan of back references (although I think in guides they are ok). In this case I don't think it is needed.
Consider something in this direction:
```suggestion
We have to set the `destinations` environment variable, to provide our destination.
```

This will interrupt the [destination lookup](../../js/features/connectivity/destination.mdx) and lead to a destination with the HTTP_PROXY considered.
The easiest way to do that is via a `.env` file which is read when starting the application.
If you do not have a `.env` file, create one or adjust the existing one.
Just add the following entry to the `.env` file:

```

> destinations="[{"name": "<destinationName>","url": "http://<destinationName>.dest"}]"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
destinations="[{"name": "<destinationName>", "url": "http://<destinationName>.dest"}]"
```

```

Fill in the `name` and `url` of the destination you [configured in CF](#CCandDestSetup).

> As you see you use the same pattern `<name>.dest` we discussed in the [testing section](#testing).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the same pattern `<name>.dest` that you have used for [testing the connection](#testing).
```

}
```

### Principal Propagation

We have tested the flow with destinations using `BasicAuthorization`.

> The SAP Cloud SDK team is currently investigation with the colleagues from BAS if principal propagation is possible and which conditions are needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SAP Cloud SDK team is currently investigating with the colleagues from BAS if principal propagation is possible and which conditions are needed.
```

We will update this section as soon as possible.

## Case 2: Connection to Cloud Systems

Cloud systems are reachable via the internet and you do not need any cloud connector to reach them.
The same is true for the destination service of the SAP Cloud Platform.
Hence you can use the same approach locally and in production.

### Prerequisite: Service Setup

> On cloud foundry the access to services is granted via the `VCAP_SERVICE` variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Cloud Foundry the access to services is granted via the `VCAP_SERVICE` variables.
```

> On cloud foundry the access to services is granted via the `VCAP_SERVICE` variables.
> We assume that you have configured your application so that it can access the destination service.
> If not, follow the [steps in the cloud foundry tutorial](https://developers.sap.com/group.s4sdk-js-cloud-foundry.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Cloud Foundry, access to services is granted via the `VCAP_SERVICE` variables.
We assume that you have configured your application so that it can access the destination service.
If not, follow the [steps in the cloud foundry tutorial](https://developers.sap.com/group.s4sdk-js-cloud-foundry.html).
```

> If not, follow the [steps in the cloud foundry tutorial](https://developers.sap.com/group.s4sdk-js-cloud-foundry.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If not, follow the [steps in the Cloud Foundry tutorial](https://developers.sap.com/group.s4sdk-js-cloud-foundry.html).
```

### Implementation

You can mirror the `VCAP_SERVICE` variables from your cloud foundry account to your local BAS.
Start the BAS and connect your BAS workspace to the CF account.
This is done via the little CF icon (<img src={useBaseUrl('img/cf-connect-button.jpg')} />) on the left of the BAS.

> Then select the application from which you wan to mirror the variables and select the folder containing the `.env` file to store it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then select the application from which you want to mirror the variables and select the folder containing the `.env` file to store it.
```

Use the `envFile` property in the `launch.json` to load the file on your local application startup.

> Now your application will fetch the service credentials and call the destination service as in production.
> Note that there are certain limitations to this approach.
> Within the BAS you will not have a JWT issued for your user.
> This means that flows like `OAuth2SAMLBearerAssertion` and `OAuth2UserTokenExchange` can only work if you provide such a JWT.
> This is possible in principle, but difficult withing the local development environment.
> We recommend to create dedicated development destinations with authentications flows like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now your application will fetch the service credentials and call the destination service as in production.
Note that there are certain limitations to this approach.
Within the BAS you will not have a JWT issued for your user.
This means that flows like `OAuth2SAMLBearerAssertion` and `OAuth2UserTokenExchange` can only work if you provide such a JWT.
This is possible in principle, but difficult within the local development environment.
We recommend creating dedicated development destinations with authentications flows like:
```

- OAuth2ClientCredentials
- BasicAuthentication
- ClientCertificateAuthentication (here we wait for a fix on the [http-proxy-agent](https://github.com/TooTallNate/node-https-proxy-agent/pull/111) or you have to disable the proxy

> Note that for the connection to cloud system the destinations do not need the two properties `WebIDEEnabled` and `HTML5.DynamicDestination`, because the BAS connectivity proxy is not needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that for the connection to a cloud system the destinations do not need the two properties `WebIDEEnabled` and `HTML5.DynamicDestination`, because the BAS connectivity proxy is not needed.
```
